---
layout: post
title: Day One
description: My first day as a website
read: 3
category: blog
tags: jekyll bayse
comments: true
---

As the Internet mourns the loss of my old website, the Internet rejoices in the arrival of my new website.

I started building my original portfolio site sometime around December 2012 when I started to become disillusioned with my then job. I finished building it around two months later - when I became irreversibly disillusioned with said job. I took up a new role in May 2013 and have learned an absolute shed-load in the past year. So, I thought it was about time I updated my portfolio to reflect my development. I wanted a fresh, (slightly) maturer look in line with my latest skills but also a nod toward the process of learning. Hence my foray into the world of Blog.

> My hope is that by having a platform to write on I will explore more and take the time to cement what I discover.

To further maximise the value of creating a new site, I decided to look into some new tech to try out. Enter Jekyll. I first came across Jekyll via [Dave Rupert](http://daverupert.com/2012/11/brander-newer/) and thought it seemed like a good fit for me. I found the initial setup enjoyable and liked the structure that came with a Jekyll site. I also took the time to add a layer of customisation, which was less enjoyable but ultimately sweet when it was finished! This included using [Myth](http://myth.io/) for the CSS and a sprinkling of CoffeeScript. I'm also using Gulp and Bundler to run my tasks during development and writing.

##### What you'll find in the blog

I'd like this blog to be an escape from the overwhelming stream of 'new' that comes with being a modern frontend developer. A place where the advancement of the web moves at a more natural (some may say slower) pace. You'll still go hunting for the latest theories, tools and advice but will drop in here every so often to let it all sink in.

I'll aim to make my thoughts concise and any tutorials I put up precise. My first attempt at this will be via my "hello-world-series" where I'll share my experiences (and a few code snippets) of using tools like Yeoman, Slush and Polymer for the first time.

Finally, I don't claim to be the Oracle on anything and would advise you to tread your own path. Here you shall find the the unofficial word.

Take it easy! :relaxed: